Docs: Realtime destination webhooks (#9489)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/webhook.mdx

    alt="How to create an action for survey responses" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Using realtime destinations

> Our new [realtime destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations) are currently in preview. These provide customizable destinations, more formatting options, a revamped configuration UI. We can use them to send survey responses to Slack or any other destination that supports webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our new [realtime destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations) are currently in preview. These provide customizable destinations, more formatting options, a revamped configuration UI. You can use them to send [survey](/docs/surveys) responses to Slack or any other destination that supports webhooks.
```

Reviewer: Is this only for survey responses?

Author: Since this is in the surveys section, I just talk about surveys here.
